kids you remember after-school
activities we're pretty run-of-the-mill
sports clubs what have you that's right
those things are still great but today
there's so much more Kat Greenleaf is
here to tell us how your kids can be
cool after school yeah good morning you
know for kids being cool it's a pretty
major concern and it's not something
that's generally taught in the classroom
but at a place called the dubspot in
Chelsea kids of all ages are learning to
be DJs spinning records countin beats
and basically learning to alcohol the
other kids on the playground it's not a
nightclub or an after-school Club but
does stops DJ class for kids is
something in between they're gonna learn
about the history of music they're gonna
learn about music theory how they can DJ
how they can also produce Dan Gio's
started the dubspot in Chelsea for
people of all ages to learn the modern
ways of making music but it's the
classes for kids that are turning out to
be the most fun the energy is so
brilliant and their willingness to learn
is so great and open first thing when I
drop the beat do your head and I deejay
reborn schooled the young uns on the
mechanics of turntables and mixers and
on how to use them they will learn how
to count beats per minute they will
learn song structure they will learn how
to match beats and mix songs together DJ
school cost 300 dollars a month which
includes one two-hour class each week
plus lap time to practice will riccati
is happy to foot the bill for his
fourteen-year-old son Devon or DJ
reckless know what I'm the chief and
whatever he wants to be whoever's in the
music industry it wouldn't be the best
he could be the regular school still
comes first
well now look at it as a hobby but if he
wants to take it as a career then you
know he's know this he got a study
reborn says one serves the other DJ can
absolutely help kids with math hand-eye
coordination rhythm
undeniably flirting how to DJ there's a
lot for their coolness factor actually
no kids unless gonna do this but me so
what does that make you cool chance
Smith is making friends with DJing and
DJ reckless is hoping to make something
else I'd be this like that and make
money and for this party and then I am
making something else of myself
completely one two three four one but
you got an interesting sound there
because you hit it just before the one
it shouldn't take you more than four
weeks I'll need it no matter what these
kids said I'll take being called pretty
good by an 11-year olds but if you want
to be great dubspot
offers classes for people of all age